Updating more nav for UI Refresh project (#2018)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/tutorial-initiate-project.md

Now that you have a repository configured, you can initialize your project and start development in dbt Cloud:

> 1. Click **Develop** from the top left. It might take a few minutes for your project to spin up for the first time, as it established your git connection, clones your repo, and tests the connection to the warehouse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Develop** from the upper left. It might take a few minutes for your project to spin up for the first time as it establishes your git connection, clones your repo, and tests the connection to the warehouse.
```
